# Agenda

```plaintext
Location: Drebbelweg 
Date: 2022/03/29
Time: 14:45-15:40
Attendees: Kaushik, Kim, Kristof, Sebastian, Ilia, Sander
```

**Chairman:** Sander \
**Secretary:** Kim

## Agenda-items
| Time         | Objective | Action           |
|--------------|-----------|------------------|
| 14:45-14:45  | Opening by chair |  |
| 14:45-14:50  | Standup meeting |  |
| 14:50-15:00 | **Are we on track in order to complete all issues?** | Discuss |
|  | - Have we completed all the must-haves? |  |
|  | - Will we complete all the should-haves? |  |
|  | - What could-haves will we do and which will we set aside? |  |
| 15:00-15:10 | **Feedback** | Inform |
|  | - Feedback from Jegor about planning, task distribution, reviews, etc. |  |
| 15:10-15:20 | **Division of tasks** | Discuss |
|  | - Who still has to work more and who will have to work less? |  |
|  | - Is there a significant improvement since last time? What should we continue with and what should we still work on? |  |
|  | - Who will work on which issues? (Knowing that some people need more contribution than others) |  |
| 15:20-15:25 | **Manual testing for the client** | Inform + Discuss |
|  | - We have difficulty testing the client (very few tests currently exist); Jegor mentioned in the last meeting that “Manual testing” is an option, but we do not know yet how to go about doing that. |  |
| 15:25-15:30 | **Video at the end of the project** | Inform |
|  | - What is expected from us? |  |
| 15:30-15:33 | **Summary action points** |  |
|  | - Who, what, when? |  |
| 15:33-15:38 | Feedback Round |  |
| 15:38-15:39 | Question round |  |
| 15:39-15:40 | Closure |  |

