# Minutes

**Opening by chairperson**\
No minutes

**Announcements**\
Everybody has done Information Literacy Course.
Kristof will include bullets about coverage in the Code of Conduct.

**Approval of the agenda**\
Everybody agreed.

**Discussed Points**

- **Discuss organization of the meetings**\
  Everybody agrees to use  Jegorâ€™s suggestion that we have a checklist with the goals from the Code of Conduct 
  on every meeting. It will be the responsibility of the note-taker to check if this happens.

## Action Points
| Action Item | Responsible member(s) | Deadline |
|-------------|-----------------------|----------|
| Consult about roadmap | Kristof and Sander | 25 Feb|
| References | Ilia and Seb | 25 Feb |
| Merge dev branch into main branch | Kim and Seb | 25 Feb |
| Coverage Code of Conduct | Kristof | Friday |
| Checkstyle| Kaushik has it, after the meeting Kaushik and Sander| Friday |

