# Minutes

**Opening by chairperson**\
_No minutes_

**Announcements**\
Jegor had some feedback on the Code of Conduct and the backlog. Kristof and Sebastian had a meeting about priorities.

**Approval of the agenda**\
__We also need to reflect on last week’s tips and tops__

**Discussed Points**

- **Decide if we want to use the dev branch**
  * “It’s probably a good practice”. They advised us on the lectures to do that. Yoshi said it was not mandatory. If a feature is not fully implemented yet, but the project builds, then we can push it to the dev branch. Moving from Dev to Main is a second check.
  * *Decision: keep the dev branch*.
- **Fix Backlog**
  * Go through the feedback of Jegor. For each item, we decided how to modify it.
- **Fix Code of Conduct**
  * Go through the feedback of Jegor. Decided to include specific goals.
- **Results of Sebastian-Kristof Meeting**
  * Presented the main concepts of prioritizing tasks. Accepted, used when converting backlog items to issues.

**Last week’s tips and tops.**\
Internal communication is now good.
Planning and adhering to timeframes still requires attention.


**Action Points**
| Action Item | Responsible member(s) | Deadline |
|-------------|-----------------------|----------|
| Upload 2B | Kristof | 17th February |
| Convert backlog to Gitlab issues | Sander, KIm, Ilia | 17th February |
| Think about the design | Kaushik, Kristof, Sebastian | 17th February |
