# Minutes

**Opening by chairperson**\
_No minutes_

**Check-in**
The team finalised the design, worked on code of conduct.
Ilia, Kim, Sander worked on the backlog.
Sander worked on finalising the backlog.
Several members did the information literacy course, but did not do anything with Spring.
Kaushik pushed the agendas, minutes to gitlab.

**Approval of the agenda**\
Everyone agreed.

**TA Points**

* We can start with the project because we already finished with almost all assignments.

**Discussed Points**

- **Code of Conduct feedback - Jegor**
  * We can change the CoC later, if we need to.
  * We should add specific statements to the Code of Conduct
    * Coverage, passing pipeline
    * Agenda sent 24h before the meeting
    * Each agenda point has one line of description - this is very important
    * Use bullet points
    * Lower the expected grade
    * Discuss the issue that we couldn't finish in a sprint, instead of moving it to the next sprint
    * Protip: put "respect" in the Code of Conduct
- **Backlog feedback - Jegor**
  * He likes that we use the Moscow model and dependencies.
  * Suggestions
    * Use scoped labels
    * Put a definition of done in every issue
    * List won't have issues and non-functional requirements, e.g. in a document
    * Rethink weights
    * Use milestones
    * Change ambiguous issue titles
- **GitLab practices**
  * The usage of GitLab will be graded. If you break something, but you improve throughout the project, it's not a problem, the goal is that we can use it.
  * Issues:
    * One issue should be approximately one feature. If a feature is very large, split it up.
    * One issue should take no more than one sprint, no more than 2 people.
    * Every issue needs a detailed description and definition of done
    * Optionally, we can specify in the description how we think the issue can be resolved.
    * Use boards.
  * Merge requests:
    * Equally do and review merge requests. Jegor will look at the Git inspector.
    * In a merge request, say why we need it, what is done, what is missing.
    * Write comments: "I liked how you did this part", "What does this function do?", "I think you could use something else here"
    * The creator can reject the comments/suggestions, but should communicate this in a reply.
    * Don't approve an MR if the feature is not working.
    * Make sure the pipeline passes. If it does not, fix it ASAP.
    * We can discuss merge requests in person (e.g. on meetings), but should document it on GitLab.
* **HCI Evaluation - Questions about other teamâ€™s design**
  * About the incomplete design: Ask them about missing parts, ask them to extend. But if they refuse, just review what we have.

**Action Points**
| Action Item | Responsible member(s) | Deadline |
|-------------|-----------------------|----------|
| Create one endpoint | Everyone | Friday 18:00 |
| Make changes to code of conduct based on Jegor's feedback | Kristof, Kaushik | Friday 18:00 |
| Modify issues | T.B.D. | First sprint |
| One merge request per person | Everyone | First sprint |
| Informing group 49 about our concerns with their design | Kristof | Tuesday |
| Upload CoC, minutes, agenda | Kristof | Friday 18:00 |

**Feedback**
Ilia: top - stuck to agenda
Sander: top - good progress
Kaushik: top - distributed tasks, arrived on time, tip - plan every meeting way beforehand
Seb: tip - have more organisation
Kristof: top - organisation, tip - do everything on time
Kim: top - progress. tip - have better organisation
Jegor: top - progress, reports, tip - specific tips/tops